#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "helvet" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family sfdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\headheight 0.5cm
\headsep 0.5cm
\footskip 0.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Cooking With Cats - Game Design Document
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Overview
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
The Story
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is will be a light comic game about cooking while cats are interfering
 with you work.
 From the human-actor's point of view s/he is trying to cook but from the
 point of view of the cats they are the master of the house, everything
 that is done in the house is to serve them.
 This theme should be underlined constantly in a variety of ways.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Game Play
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One can play the game in one of two modes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
As the human - first person.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
As a cat - third person.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As a human you have a task to do and the cat plays its part as an AI.
 We see the cat's thoughts only at key points of the story/task.
 As a cat We get the tasks as 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

thought
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 bubbles and we are also exposed to 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

cat thought
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 along the way e.g if the task is to find a nice place to sleep in the kitchen
 you could have a random thought about the content of the refrigerator when
 you are close to it, and it is the player can choose to act on this thought.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Example Scene - Make a Tuna Sandwich
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this section a scene is described from start to end.
 In the next section the mechanics for every part will be describes along
 with the options for the minimal viable product (MVP) .
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Game Mechanics
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As a human navigating the house should not be the interesting part of the
 the game thus this will be done without the player control.
 I have to decide if this will be done using cinematics or by dip to black/white
/other cinematic effect.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
